Noto Serif CJK 1.000 Release Notes
==================================

April 4, 2017 (addendum)

Please note that due to GitHub restrictions the all-in-one Serif .ttc is not
available via this repo as it exceeds the 100MB GitHub limit.  Please use the
links under "Super OpenType/CFF Collection (Super OTC)" on this page instead:
http://www.google.com/get/noto/help/cjk


April 3, 2017

Introducing Noto Serif CJK 1.000

This introduces a serif-style companion to Noto Sans CJK.  These fonts are again
offered in seven weights, though they are slightly different-- ExtraLight,
Light, Regular, Medium, SemiBold, Bold, and Black.  Unlike the Sans there are no
monospace (ASCII-only) versions of these fonts.

The packaging options are the same as for the Sans: you can choose from an
all-in-one CJK TTC, seven weight-specific CJK TTCs, twenty-eight CJK OTF files
(four languages x seven weights) that default to one of the four supported
languages, and twenty-eight region-specific OTF files (four regions x seven
weights) that support a region-specific subset of the full character repertoire.

The character repertoire is shared among all the Serif CJK fonts but there are
slight differences between them and the Sans CJK.  About 50 characters, mostly
new in Unicode 8.0 and 9.0, have been added, and about 1700 Plane 2 characters
(mostly CJK Unified Ideographs Extension B) have been temporarily removed (Hong
Kong support will be added in Version 2.000). The Serif CJK fonts support
approximately 43,000 characters with 65535 glyphs, the maximum number of glyphs
possible in a single font.  Most of the additional glyphs are regional variants,
there are also specific japanese variants, ideographic variation sequences,
vertical variants, precomposed Korean Jamo, and others.

As with Sans CJK, Noto Serif CJK was developed under an open source license by
Adobe Systems, Inc. and is almost identical to their Source Han Serif.  Please
see the detailed Adobe release notes for more information.

Noto Serif CJK is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.

See HISTORY for prior release notes.
